# S.C.I.L.E.R. Front-end

To create an escape room with SCILER you will need to set up a front-end server so the operator can control the system.

# Deployment
Start a server on your desired server machine and insert a build of the front-end app into its html source, to get a build follow the following steps:

#### Set-up 
 Git clone the project into your development environment.

 Get all dependency using npm from the front-end directory
````
    npm install
````

#### Set-up configuration

In directory `front-end` (copy and) rename [src/assets/`config.json.default`](src/assets/config.json.default) to `config.json`, 
change this file as desired to match your broker IP address and port

#### Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

Move the the build artifacts to the html directory of the server machine.

# Development
This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 8.3.19.

### Project structure
`index.html` is the main html file that is generated. This includes app-root. 
In `app.component.html` the main app is described, which includes multiple components. 
These are included by a `<app-componentname>` tag, and are generated by the files in componentname package in `components`.

The `name.component.html` file generates html, `name.component.css` adds css to this html. 
`name.component.ts` manages this component, this the place to define additional imports (all files use `src/assets/css/main.css`) and parameters. 
These parameters can used in the html file with: `{{ parameter }}`. Finally, `name.component.spec.ts` tests this specific component, using Karma. 

The application consists of three screens: home, camera, config. These can be selected in the side menu, which can be reached in the top-left corner.
The home screen contains the main control mechanisms for the escape room. The camera screen allows for the operator to see camera feeds 
and the config page lets the user enter a new configuration file for checking and the use. 

### Set-up prettier
```
    npm install --save-dev --save-exact prettier
    npm install --save-dev tslint-config-prettier
```
- navigate to Settings > Tools > File Watchers 
- press `+` and select `Prettier`
- enable auto saved files to trigger the watcher in advanced settings
- press `ok`

#### Run prettier manually
- navigate to `BEP_1920_Q2/front-end/`
- run following command: 
```
prettier --write "**/*.ts"
```

#### Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

#### Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.


#### Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

#### Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

#### Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).


